c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\obj\Debug\JwtUnitTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\JwtUnitTest.dll.config
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\JwtUnitTest.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\JwtUnitTest.pdb
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Jwt.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Jwt.pdb
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\obj\Debug\JwtUnitTest.dll
c:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\obj\Debug\JwtUnitTest.pdb
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
C:\Users\Casper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Jwt\JwtUnitTest\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
